hey this is Vicki from millenium shoes
we here right now with the
long-anticipated Dikembe Mutombo sneaker
otherwise known as the matumbo check
this up at TD fresh to death I love this
bog beautiful you have the tribal print
all throughout three stripes going right
down the center of the box got the 55
with the matumbo logo beautiful
execution hook shot for you here
alongside this side of the box you have
to try fall in the black gold red and
Adidas branded in the green along with
originals in the black paying route to
matumbo heritage from the Congo
beautiful just a beautiful execution
awful up now with no further ado let's
go to the shoe as you can see clean
beautiful black on the outsole red
stitch alongside the toe cap white
leather on the upper you have this
tribal prints sort of like looking like
Kinte cloth just above it black nubuck
above that hit of red by the forefoot
red leather alongside here with more
tribal prints but the black plastic cars
with a cut outs in between got 55
matumbo number in boston yellow right
alongside the collar along with red
terry cloth just right above that color
line white leather rounds from the
forefoot through to the toe cap with
white double stitch alongside that as
well as black nubuck in the toe box with
a few hits of perforation as we hit up
to the mid-foot where you have black
leather alongside yellow leather right
above it black laces adorn the top of
the mid and then we get to the very
exaggerated tongue in all black terry
cloth where you have the matumbo logo
love this logo this is so fresh it's a
teal yellow black for the m55 for his
number in red and that teal and yellow
again alongside the piping you can see
the red and black tribal print which
we'll get to in a minute and then when
you look at the medial very much the
same as the lateral very fresh very
clean quick shot for you of the heel
more of that red alongside an embossed
white tribal print seems some sort of
geometric in the in the fourth sheet
sorry four pointed diamond this hits
back to the box print as you saw same
with the inner tongue right here you can
see the red pattern the tribal print of
course using the Black Diamond love that
as you move down to the toe you are as
you move down to the heel you can see
the adidas branding and black on black
quick shot at your soul black adorning
mostest shoe along with red and again
you have the African tribal print
throughout if you don't know about
matumbo maybe food facts on them now
Mutombo came from the Republic of Congo
and was brought to the US through an
athletic scholarship with Georgetown
University he was one of the last
dominant centers to play in the NBA
coming from there having big shoes to
fill being that Patrick Ewing was the
last one out of Georgetown to put up
some serious numbers Mutombo came
through and brought it forward now he
went on to play with the Denver Nuggets
along with a host of a few other teams
most notably the Houston Rockets towards
the end and he wasn't that play-off won
82-76 is when they went against the
lakers in 2001 that being said matumbo
left his own mark not to the team player
but an individual player and his shoe
carried on that legacy definitely pay
tribute tues African roots from the
Congo you can see that of course in the
print throughout the shoe alongside that
his shoe was well regarded by many as
you did see if you look into them into
the wu-tang 36 chambers first we tangle
them while all the cats are rocking tims
chef raekwon often noted to be the
fashionistas of the group it was wearing
the black and white matumbo was just
going to show you 20 years from now or
I'm sorry 20 years ago this was that
shoe and it's fitting that on its 20th
anniversary adidas brings it back and
they brought it back for breakfast the
execution is true in fact of the way it
was flawless and seamless this is
definitely probably going to be the
biggest adidas release of the year and
we're stoked about it this is in fact
the golden era of retro basketball
players from the 90s having their shoes
come out and adidas truly brought
together one of the best shoes out of
that catalog not just of adidas but of
any athlete with any brand we are stoked
to see this that being said this is
Mickey for millennium shoes come see the
release August twenty-fourth don't miss
out it's gonna fly before you know it
this is Mickey we out